README.md, before:

# Spring Cloud Eureka and Zuul project

## Components
- `eureka-service` - The Eureka service which is the Service Registry
- `backoffice` - The Service which is going to give data to the backoffice.
- `zuul-service` - This is the Gateway/Edge Service which is registered with Eureka and routes the requests to Client and Server using Eureka Service.
- `commons` - Commons module to share the model between all services 

## How to install and deploy
You must go to the root of the project. I.e: c:\dev\flexit
### Mongo with Docker 
The Dockerfile calls to mongo-init.js to set user/pass and employees info. Execute these commands 
```shell script
docker build -t mongo-sample-data:3.4 .
docker run --name mongo-sample-data -p 27017:27017  --restart=always -e MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE=application -d mongo-sample-data:3.4
```
### SpringBoot microservices with Docker
You need to build and run `eureka, zuul and backoffice` with Docker 
 
 #### In eureka directory
```shell script
docker build -t eureka .
docker run --name eureka -d eureka -p 8070:8070  --volume "$HOME"/.m2:/root/.m2
```

 #### In zuul directory
```shell script
docker build -t zuul .
docker run --name zuul -d zuul -p 8070:8070  --volume "$HOME"/.m2:/root/.m2
```

 #### In backoffice directory
```shell script
docker build -t backoffice .
docker run --name backoffice -d backoffice -p 8070:8070  --volume "$HOME"/.m2:/root/.m2
```

Commit message:

disable Docker for microservices
Due to connectivity problems between the Backend containers and the Frontend containers, it is not possible to start the back services using Docker.

We need to run with mvn clean install and java -jar

README.md, after:

# Spring Cloud Eureka and Zuul project

## Components
- `eureka-service` - The Eureka service which is the Service Registry
- `backoffice` - The Service which is going to give data to the backoffice.
- `zuul-service` - This is the Gateway/Edge Service which is registered with Eureka and routes the requests to Client and Server using Eureka Service.

## How to install and deploy
You must go to the root of the project. I.e: c:\dev\flexit
### Mongo with Docker 
The Dockerfile calls to mongo-init.js to set user/pass and employees info. Execute these commands 
```shell script
docker build -t mongo-sample-data:3.4 .
docker run --name mongo-sample-data -p 27017:27017 -d --restart=always -it --hostname mongodb --name=mongodb --net=bridge --expose=27017 mongo-sample-data:3.4
```
### SpringBoot microservices with Docker
#### Disabled
Due to connectivity problems between the Backend containers and the Frontend containers, it is not possible to start the back services using Docker.

### SpringBoot microservices 

To start the application, the following steps must be followed:

- run `mvn clean install` in every directory (eureka, zuul and backoffice)
- run `java -jar eureka-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` in eureka\target directory
- run `java -jar zuul-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` in zuul\target directory
- run `java -jar backoffice-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` in backoffice\target directory

### How to run frontend

You can read the README.md in the flexit-app repository
